README.md, before:

# ComplicatedText

ComplicatedText is an over-the-top text generator that recreates a given sentence through the use of a character randomizer.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77190903/232137745-e5a41f7a-85f6-4c2b-b821-bc5344b6f96d.gif" alt="animated" width = "500" height = "700"/>
</p>

## Description

ComplicatedText is a digital reacreation of the traditional split-flap message boards seen in places like airports and train stations where characters
are cycled through until the desired message is reached. The project, which was inspired by an Instagram post that implemented the concept through Python,
aims to do just that and them some. As of right now, ComplicatedText is a testing platform for a future concept that will add functionality to what was simply a project done for fun.

## Roadmap

[x] Design the concept code that implements the split-flap concept in Java <br/>
[ ] Design and create a JavaFX GUI for the base code<br/>
[ ] Publish a working .exe or .jar version of the project<br/>

## Goals

As mentioned, this project is a testing platform, but what exactly is being tested? Below are the goals I aim to achieve with this project.
There is no set end goal as this project is more to learn and gain more experience in certain aspects of programming and development.
Below is a list of some concepts I hope to gain from this project: <br/>

- Program design & optiization (Through Java)
- GUI fundementals and experience (Through JavaFX)
- Multi-threading (Through Java)
- Github fundementals and repository maintenance
- Personal software design practices & routines

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

- This program intends to utilize JavaFX in the future. <br/>
  Please make sure that your system has the right libraries installed and enabled via the link below:<br/>
- [JavaFX Homepage](https://openjfx.io/)

<!-- ### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
``` -->

## Authors

This project is done and maintained by one person as of right now.

- [Nihtster (Creator)](https://discord.com/users/153304819665338370)

## Version History

- 0.1

  - Initial Repository Creation
  - Upload of the concept base code
  - Pre-publish maintenance (LICENSE & README)

- 0.2

  - Updated program for longer sentences
  - Created RNGs for capital letters and symbols
  - Removed unused variables

- 0.3
  - Optimized and condensed program into one core method that generates and does comparisons

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

<!-- ## Acknowledgments -->

Commit message:

GUI Mockup Designed (v0.2) + README updates
Designed a rough mockup idea of how the GUI will look and where things will be positioned.

README updated to show new changes made to the project

README.md, after:

# ComplicatedText

ComplicatedText is an over-the-top text generator that recreates a given sentence through the use of a character randomizer.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77190903/232137745-e5a41f7a-85f6-4c2b-b821-bc5344b6f96d.gif" alt="animated" width = "500" height = "700"/>
</p>

## Description

ComplicatedText is a digital reacreation of the traditional split-flap message boards seen in places like airports and train stations where characters
are cycled through until the desired message is reached. The project, which was inspired by an Instagram post that implemented the concept through Python,
aims to do just that and them some. As of right now, ComplicatedText is a testing platform for a future concept that will add functionality to what was simply a project done for fun.

## Roadmap

[x] Design the concept code that implements the split-flap concept in Java <br/>
[ ] Design and create a JavaFX GUI for the base code<br/>
[ ] Publish a working .exe or .jar version of the project<br/>

## Goals

As mentioned, this project is a testing platform, but what exactly is being tested? Below are the goals I aim to achieve with this project.
There is no set end goal as this project is more to learn and gain more experience in certain aspects of programming and development.
Below is a list of some concepts I hope to gain from this project: <br/>

- Program design & optiization (Through Java)
- GUI fundementals and experience (Through JavaFX)
- Multi-threading (Through Java)
- Github fundementals and repository maintenance
- Personal software design practices & routines

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

- This program intends to utilize JavaFX in the future. <br/>
  Please make sure that your system has the right libraries installed and enabled via the link below:<br/>
- [JavaFX Homepage](https://openjfx.io/)

<!-- ### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
``` -->

## Authors

This project is done and maintained by one person as of right now.

- [Nihtster (Creator)](https://discord.com/users/153304819665338370)

## Version History

### Core Logic

- 0.1

  - Initial Repository Creation
  - Upload of the concept base code
  - Pre-publish maintenance (LICENSE & README)

- 0.2

  - Updated program for longer sentences
  - Created RNGs for capital letters and symbols
  - Removed unused variables

- 0.3
  - Optimized and condensed program into one core method that generates and does comparisons

### UI

- 0.1

  - Initial creation of the JavaFX file
  - Creation of a blank window

- 0.2
  - Creation of a rough mockup of how the UI will look
    - Position/style of text display
    - Position of user entry TextField
    - Position of buttons user interacts with

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

<!-- ## Acknowledgments -->
